# 2019-06-20 Meeting (Friday 1600 UTC)


## Attendees

* Megan Wilhite: @Ch3LL works for saltstack. helping lead the ssh working group
* Chad Geary: @chadgeary linux admin full time, using salt
* Balvinder: @balrwat: currently using salt and wants to help make it better
* Tom Hatch: @thatch45 Architected Salt-SSH
* Gareth Greenaway: @garethgreenaway works for saltstack, helping facilitate meeting
* Wayne Warner: @waynew works for saltstack, helping facilitate meeting
* Kayva Chandrashehar: @KChandrashekhar works for saltstack, project manager for open team

## Goals for Sodium Release

Megan:
  - Python 2 to Python 3 Migration for Salt-SSH. There is currently a
    SEP here: https://github.com/saltstack/salt-enhancement-proposals/pull/11
    that outlines the work that will need to occur.
  - Want to tackle these bugs for the Sodium release:
    https://github.com/saltstack/salt/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ateam-ssh+label%3A%22High+Severity%22+label%3Atriage

Tom:
  - Tom is working on a POC to demonstrate Salt-SSH as a standalone project pulled
    out from salt. This standalone project will include using the asncio library,
    increase the speeds of salt-ssh, use python 3.6  and interface with pop:
    https://github.com/saltstack/pop/
  - If the POC is successful the ssh working group will need to create a SEP detailing
    the deprecation path to migrate to the new project in two releases after Sodium.

## Actions

- Megan will follow up with the SEP to ensure it gets merged.
- Once the SEP is merged, Megan will create issues surrounding the tasks to complete the
  Python2 to Python3 Migration for Salt.
- Tom will create a POC to demonstrate salt-ssh as a seperate project pulled out from salt.
