# 2019-08-08 Meeting

## Attendees

* Megan Wilhite
* Tom Hatch
* Gareth Greenaway
* Wayne Warner
* Tommy Chong

## Meeting Details

- Issues were created in the community repo to help tackle the Python3 Salt-SSH task for the sodium release. They can be seen here:
https://github.com/saltstack/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3ASalt-SSH
- If anyone wants to work on an issue from the community repo or the list of bugs we want to tackle here: https://github.com/saltstack/salt/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ateam-ssh+label%3A%22High+Severity%22+label%3Atriage please comment on the issue since github permissions do not allow assignment.
- More demo and details on heis- the new ssh POC tom is working on.

## Actions
- Tom will make the new heis product public.
