# 2020-02-13  Meeting

## Attendees

* Megan Wilhite
* Tom Hatch
* Tommy Chong
* Gareth Greenaway

## Meeting Details

Salt-Bin Update (pop-build)
  - The custom salt tag to install from in salt-bin has been removed:
         `git+https://github.com/Ch3LL/salt.git@v2019.2.2-1`
     has been updated to just `salt` with the release of neon.
  - The pop projects have been moved to gitlab.
  - The new project pop-build has now been updated to build salt.
    The salt-bin repo is still being used to store the configurations
    needed for pop-build to build the salt binary.

Salt-SSH Sprint:
  - Megan will investigate the possibility of running a salt-ssh sprint
    for the next meeting to help tackle the issues in this list:
        https://github.com/saltstack/salt/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ateam-ssh+label%3A%22High+Severity%22+label%3Atriage

## Actions
  - Megan will reach out to community manager to help organize the sprint.
